Fix audience URLs for AzureGovernment and AzureChina to align with Azure CLI (#25715)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/azcore/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed `cloud.AzureGovernment` and `cloud.AzureChina` audience values so they align with Azure CLI and other SDKs.

Reviewer: Can you please move this to the `Other Changes` section.

### Other Changes

> * Fixed `cloud.AzureGovernment` and `cloud.AzureChina` audience values so they align with Azure CLI and other SDKs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Aligned `cloud.AzureGovernment` and `cloud.AzureChina` audience values with Azure CLI
```
